README.rst, before:

aiorest
=======

JSON REST framework based on aiohttp (an asyncio (PEP 3156) http server).

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/aio-libs/aiorest.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/aio-libs/aiorest


Example usage
-------------

Simple REST server can be run like this::

   import asyncio
   import aiohttp
   import aiorest


   # define a simple request handler
   # which accept no arguments
   # and responds with json
   def hello(request):
       return {'hello': 'world'}


   loop = asyncio.get_event_loop()
   server = aiorest.RESTServer(hostname='127.0.0.1',
                               loop=loop)

   # configure routes
   server.add_url('GET', '/hello', hello)
   # create server
   srv = loop.run_until_complete(loop.create_server(
       server.make_handler, '127.0.0.1', 8080))


   @asyncio.coroutine
   def query():
       resp = yield from aiohttp.request(
           'GET', 'http://127.0.0.1:8080/hello', loop=loop)
       data = yield from resp.read_and_close(decode=True)
       print(data)


   loop.run_until_complete(query())
   srv.close()
   loop.run_until_complete(srv.wait_closed())
   loop.close()

this will print ``{'hello': 'world'}`` json

See `examples <https://github.com/aio-libs/aiorest/tree/master/examples>`_ for more.


Requirements
------------

- Python 3.3

- asyncio http://code.google.com/p/tulip/ or Python 3.4+

- aiohttp http://github.com/KeepSafe/aiohttp

- optional module ``aiorest.redis_session`` requires aioredis
  https://github.com/aio-libs/aioredis

License
-------

aiorest is offered under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Add a note about stopping aiorest development

README.rst, after:

aiorest
=======

JSON REST framework based on aiohttp (an asyncio (PEP 3156) http server).

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/aio-libs/aiorest.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/aio-libs/aiorest


aiorest development has stopped
-------------------------------

The project always was in experimental status: we have tried to make the proof
of concept for ``aiohttp`` high level server.

Now the work is done, the most important parts transplanted to
``aiohttp.web``: ``Request`` and ``Response``.

Some ``aiorest`` features are not supported by ``aiohttp.web`` yet:
sessions, CORS and security.

We are working hard on the issue by making ``aiohttp`` extension
libraries for those ones.

We will keep *aiorest* work on top of *aiohttp* new versions for a
while.

Please report about incompatibility bugs to *aiorest github
issue tracker* -- we'll fix those.





Example usage
-------------

Simple REST server can be run like this::

   import asyncio
   import aiohttp
   import aiorest


   # define a simple request handler
   # which accept no arguments
   # and responds with json
   def hello(request):
       return {'hello': 'world'}


   loop = asyncio.get_event_loop()
   server = aiorest.RESTServer(hostname='127.0.0.1',
                               loop=loop)

   # configure routes
   server.add_url('GET', '/hello', hello)
   # create server
   srv = loop.run_until_complete(loop.create_server(
       server.make_handler, '127.0.0.1', 8080))


   @asyncio.coroutine
   def query():
       resp = yield from aiohttp.request(
           'GET', 'http://127.0.0.1:8080/hello', loop=loop)
       data = yield from resp.read_and_close(decode=True)
       print(data)


   loop.run_until_complete(query())
   srv.close()
   loop.run_until_complete(srv.wait_closed())
   loop.close()

this will print ``{'hello': 'world'}`` json

See `examples <https://github.com/aio-libs/aiorest/tree/master/examples>`_ for more.


Requirements
------------

- Python 3.3

- asyncio http://code.google.com/p/tulip/ or Python 3.4+

- aiohttp http://github.com/KeepSafe/aiohttp

- optional module ``aiorest.redis_session`` requires aioredis
  https://github.com/aio-libs/aioredis

License
-------

aiorest is offered under the MIT license.
